1098 - Update cloud data management in API readme (#1122)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-portal: api/README.md

### Processing on the API
The following code can be used to process projects on the API, one by one, with a minimum disk space footprint:

```bash
for i in $(seq -f "%02g" 1 20); do
    ./run_command.sh load_data --clean-up-input-data --clean-up-output-data --reload-existing --scpca-project-id SCPCP0000$i
done
```

Alternatively, for a more granular approach, first run `load_metadata`, and thereafter `generate_computed_files`, as follows:

```bash
for i in $(seq -f "%02g" 1 20); do
    ./run_command.sh load_metadata --clean-up-input-data --reload-existing --scpca-project-id SCPCP0000$i
done

for i in $(seq -f "%02g" 1 20); do
    ./run_command.sh generate_computed_files --clean-up-input-data --clean-up-output-data --scpca-project-id SCPCP0000$i
done

```

One note about running `load_data` in production is that it defaults to uploading completed computed files to S3. This is to help prevent the S3 bucket data from accidentally becoming out of sync with the database.

### Processing via Batch
The following code is used for processing projects via AWS Batch:
```bash
./run_command.sh dispatch_to_batch
```

> `dispatch_to_batch` has two options that can be passed, `regenerate-all` and `project-id`, which change which set of computed files are generated on Batch:
> - With neither `regenerate-all` and `project-id` passed, jobs are submitted for all projects which do not have computed files associated with them.
> - With the `regenerate-all` flag passed (without the `project-id` flag), jobs will be submitted which process computed files for all projects, indifferent to whether or not they already have computed files associated with them.
> - With the `project-id` flag passed (without the `regenerate-all` flag), jobs will be submitted for a specific project if there are no computed files already associated with it.
> - With both the `regenerate-all` and `project-id` flags passed, a single project's computed files will be regenerated, regardless of whether or not it already has computed files associated with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the `dispatch_to_batch` command will look at all projects and filter out all projects that already have at least 1 computed file. AWS Batch jobs will be dispatched and create valid computed files for matching projects that were not filtered out.

You can override this filter by passing the `--regenerate-all` flag. This will dispatch jobs independent of existing computed files. Any existing computed files will be purged before new ones are generated to replace them.

You can limit the scope of this command to only apply to a specific project by passing the `--project-id <SCPCP999999>` flag. This can be used in conjunction with `--regenerate-all` if you want to ignore existing computed files for that project.
```

I appreciate how complete this is, but perhaps this might be a little bit clearer. I took a swipe at rewriting this to explain each of the flags' usage and also added some more context. If you prefer it the other way that would be alright as well.

## Cloud Data Management

### Processing Options
There are two options available for processing data in the Cloud:
- Running `load_data` on the API instance (or a combination of `load_metadata` and `generate_computed_files`)
- Running `dispatch_to_batch` on the API instance, which kicks off processing on AWS Batch resources

Due to the fact that processing on Batch is ~10x faster than processing on the API, we recommend using Batch for processing.

### Commands in Production
To run a command in production, there is a `run_command.sh` script that is created on the API instance. It passes any arguments through to the `manage.py` script, making the following acceptable `./run_command.sh load_data --reload-all`.

### Syncing the OriginalFile table
Before processing can be carried out, the `OriginalFile` table must be populated and synced via the `sync_original_files` command. This command builds a local representation of all objects available in the default (or passed) s3 input bucket, and is considered the single source of truth for inputs files throughout the codebase.

Syncing is carried out as follows:
```bash

> ./run_command.sh sync_original_files

Reviewer: Can we add a description about the args here?
